See if adding a pre-write CTS checking loop to polydriver reduces the error
rate.

Make a logging format that looks like windows portmon output, to make
comparison easier.

Must make it possible for it to read the 4 byte header from the modem then
write some data to the modem, then read the rest of the packet from the modem.
This would involve either threading, or saving the state of the read.
It probably involves a quick rewrite, which is what this thing needs to go to
beta 0.1.0

In display function, chars above 200 should also be dots, to prevent /octal
codes in syslog

Add logging facility to count up dropped data, and reasons etc.

Need to check ppp debug output for packets with ppp checksum errors, see if
problem is obvious. use record option

Make sure all modem status register bits are what they should be
So make a function that prints what flags are set, or unset, in the
msr.

Trim all printfs etc, from polydriver, and wrap the prints around if(debug)s

Installer needs to finish up nicely.

In the CTS loops, we need a timeout

Test various error conditions, ie, no modem attached or wrong
serial port, no dialtone etc. We could write ERROR first

Make it not quit if the modem cant be opened or doesnt answer, instead
reset the pty or something

Restructure so that all initial reads are only 4 bytes, and subsequent reads
try to get what the header says. inbuf[2]+(256*inbuf[3])+4 -res

Timeouts on all select()s

Add a reset option to the installer, for when the red light is on

Install program and driver must reset serial port afterwards.
tcsetattr(fd, TCSANOW, &oldtio)

Should catch signals and do a proper shutdown after a term or kill

Check for any bugs such as buffer overflows, range checking, off by 1s etc.

Find out if performance can be improved somehow, to reduce the instances of
ppp errors.

Needs testing over getty style connections as well as ppp.

Needs testing with other linux versions.

Windows 2000 and XP version.

User friendly setup program.

.deb and/or .rpm packages.

Installer gives up to easily. If something goes wrong it must detect it, fix
it, and successfully complete the installation routine.  Giving up with an
error message is only a development version feature, until the protocol is
fully understood. The installer should also never leave the modems in a state
where all 3 lights are on.

Some of the current installer problems include not being able to get an answer
to get basis settings, but it usually works on subsequent attempts.
